Passing custom configuration to extensions (#42)
adobe/uix-sdk: docs/markdown/uix-core.extension.md

|  Property | Modifiers | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- |

> |  [configuration?](./uix-core.extension.configuration.md) |  | Record&lt;string, unknown&gt; | _(Optional)_ An extension configuration |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  [configuration?](./uix-core.extension.configuration.md) |  | Record&lt;string, unknown&gt; | _(Optional)_ Configuration of the extension for a specific environment |
```

Author: @lenaorobei , this file was auto-generated from code annotations, if we decide to update that definition, I'll change the related annotations
